c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Lab1.dll.config
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Lab1.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Lab1.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.pdb
C:\Users\sasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\sasha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabsDP\Lab1\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.csproj.CopyComplete
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Lab1.dll.config
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Lab1.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Lab1.pdb
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Owin.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.csproj.CopyComplete
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.dll
G:\labsDP\LabsDP-master\Lab1\obj\Debug\Lab1.pdb
